concerns have been raised over cut-price
laser eye surgery Dale's being offered
on the high street an investigation by
the consumer group which for our
potential risks of the procedure of two
planes down to patients and a leading
the london NHS expert has raised
concerns that much of a surgery is
carried out by doctors who aren't by
specialists and the operative police
reports three years ago London is Sasha
underwent laser eye surgery it was meant
to improve provision instead she claims
it's left her with many other problems
but I get very painful eyes they're very
dry and the dryness is not like people
think of dry eyes to see some eye drops
dryness is literally sometimes you have
to peel your eyelid of your eye a report
published this week by the consumer
group which found that one-third of
laser eye surgery consultations are poor
quality potential complications weren't
clearly explain to patients and high
street providers came bottom with
optical express failing to explain
complications to which undercover
researchers on every visit I'm very
disappointed with that which report a
handful of patients doesn't reflect the
high quality of care that we routinely
provide our patients we want to make
sure every patient we treat understands
the risks of surgery
Sasha wasn't pleated by optical express
but did have her surgery at another High
Street provider she started an online
campaign and through that found hundreds
of other people who've experienced
problems after surgery last week some of
them stage to protest outside the
optical express clinic in high street
they want tougher regulations in the
industry and their concerns were brought
up in Parliament last year in disini
statue legislation VAR g mechanisms will
fail secondly all surgeons must be
qualified certificated and regularly
competent success well all laser
surgeons must be qualified doctors they
aren't legally required to have any
specialist qualifications a lot of the
time consultations aren't carried out by
doctors one expert says that has to
change patients are often seen initially
by toxic slower doctor and these art
options are trained to assess people
preoperatively but then it's not the
same thing as proper continuity of care
and I'd like to see I feed industry
sticking with corneal specialists or
people who are trained to a high level
the Care Quality Commission told us that
they'll be looking into the findings in
which support when you are the
Department of Health Centre working with
the Royal College of Surgeons to tighten
standards and training or later
surgery and improve the way patients are
given information laser eye surgery
isn't routinely available on the NHS and
Sasha like thousands of others was
tempted by a cut-price deal certain
would buy discount parachute insane
should my discount necessary neither I
disagree with that the I think we take
great care to provide good care of poor
patients laser eye surgery is generally
a very safe practice but as with all
surgical procedures there are risks
these campaigners want future patients
to be made fully aware of them Amelia
papadopoulos be still under news